# Instant Pathfinder (Working Name)

This will house the development of the Pathfinder 2e Module Generator.

## The Goal
To create and develop an adventure module generator for Pathfinder 2e.

### What is an Adventure Module?
An adventure module consists of a quest, which is a story with three acts. Each act has a number of scenes, and 
each scene has an encounter. The adventure module also includes a number of NPCs and locations, as well as treasure.
These are all generated by the system. A module should be balanced for a party of 4 level 1 characters (number of 
characters and level will be adjustable) and the sum of all encounters should have an experience total of 1000, the amount needed to gain a single level.

## Current Progress

I've extracted some of the basic Pathfinder 2e elements such as ancestries, classes, items, and creatures into JSON
files which will eventually be imported into an SQLite database. I've also extracted rule information such as skill DCs and training levels into a JSON file that will be imported into the database as well.

I'm currently architecting the system that will be used to generate the modules. It will use a multi-agent system using a GraphFlow configuration and ChromaDB for message history with custom defined agents with access to tools for data retrieval from the database and any other resources required. These agents will be used to generate the entire adventure module with all necessary NPCs, locations, encounters, and other elements. The primary LLM will be a local model run through Ollama.

## Notes About Data

JSON files may include a summary attribute that will provide context for the LLM in choosing how to implement the data. However it will not be used in the actual generation of the data. It is simply there to provide context for the LLM. It is not to be included in the final output.

Trainings.json combines simple DCs with a list of skill training levels (Untrained, Trained, Expert, Master, Legendary). The difficulty for the training is the simple DC for a task requiring that level of training. Level is the level at which a player is expected to have that level of training.